CSE4334 Data Mining
Spring 2020
Programming Assignment 2 (P2) grading rubrics:

(1) Program code :50% (10 points for each)

You will mainly be evaluated on whether you can accomplish the given tasks below
1) Use one classification method on the dataset. You can apply any of the methods explained in this instruction notebook or any other method in scikit-learn. You can even implement your own method. You can tune your model by using any combination of parameter values. Use 75% of the data for training and the rest for testing.
2) Print out the accuracy of the model in 1).
3) Print out the confusion matrix for the model in 1). Note that we are dealing with a multi-class (5 basketball positions) classification problem. So the confusion matrix should be 5 x 5. (Actually 6 x 6 since we are also printing the numbers of "All". Refer to the earlier example.)
4) Use the same model with the same parameters you have chosen in 1). However, instead of using 75%/25% train/test split, apply 10-fold stratified cross-validation.
5) Print out the accuracy of each fold in 4). Print out the average accuracy across all the folds in 4).


(2) Accuracy :30% 

How much you can improve your accuracy based on the average accuracy you get in (1)5)
We will run the codes of all students to get a median (increased Percentage) as reference.（Separate statistics for different methods）
You need perform 10-fold cross-validation and Print out the average accuracy.

High mark  : 30 points
Medium mark : 20 points
Low mark :  10 points
0 point if you do not improve your accuracy. 

(3)Documentation 10%

Document submitted by the student and its content. 
Explain your method that can lead to better accuracy.
Submitted by a .txt file or a .word file

(4)Code Quality 10%
Naming conventions, readability of code/Comments


(5)File name format is as follows (5% deduction if filename does not comply to this format):
Studentid-P2.rar (or .zip) （The zipped file should contain two files :a python file and a .txt file/.word file）

Your score will be calculated from the individual break-ups using the following equation:
(Program code * .50) + (Accuracy * .30) + (Documentation * .10) + (Code Quality * .10)

